I dislike this song for one reason. Fat teenage girls are going to agree 
about having fats in their boobs and ass is easy as it's natural to have 
more fats there if you're fat. But we don't want to be banging fat girls. 
You get a big butt by doing squats, not by eating potato chips all day 
long. Please, if you're a fat teenage girl, stop being proud of your fat 
bodies and get out and do some exercise 5 times a week. We're told to be 
proud of our bodies, but not if you're a fat phuck. Sorry, I just had to 
put it out there.﻿
"I'm bringing booty back...." hahaha 😄﻿
Shaking dis Booty!! I'm all about that bass... No Treble... 😁﻿
Yep. Get used to it, cause it ain't going away soon!!!﻿
Nowadays more and more songs are bashing "skinny bitches"... What's with 
that? Like this and Anaconda and so on. I get it that they are just trying 
to boost up curvy girls confidence or something like that but why can't you 
do that without saying "skinny bitches fuck off".... :P﻿
Is this sexist?!?!?﻿
It's funny how she can get away with calling skinny girls "skinny bitches." 
If someone made a song about how great it is to be skinny and attacked fat 
girls in the process, I'm pretty sure that wouldn't fly.﻿
Fuckme skinny bitch??? Fuck you fat bitch!!!﻿
Cause: American media tells women
they don't need to care about the way they look.

Result: Entitled slobs walk the streets
looking like WHALES from SeaWorld.

I really feel sorry for American guys..﻿
I'm probably the first one to say this, but I like this song. All she is 
saying is, don't hate yourself for the way you look.﻿
I heard this damn song and now it's stuck in my head. It's my jam now...﻿
Have this song stuck in my head....

YOU KNOW MY MOMMA SHE TOLD ME DON'T WORRY ABOUT YOUR SIZE... 

SHE SAID BOYS LIKE A LITTLE MORE BOOTY TO HOLD AT NIGHT...

Meghan Trainor - All About That Bass: http://youtu.be/7PCkvCPvDXk


﻿
*I love this song <33*
It's literally on repeat! #SongOfTheDay  :)﻿
 i love this song sad i know for a man 😂😂😂 Meghan Trainor - All About 
That Bass: http://youtu.be/7PCkvCPvDXk﻿
ITS THE VINE GUY!!!!! HE IS EPIC.﻿
This might give some girls a false sense of confidence. Just like every 
other song or statement about "men prefer larger woman to skinny bitches" 
not all slim woman will be judging woman of a larger size! For fucks sake, 
everyone isn't agreeing on that all men prefer skinnier women. ﻿
By fat people, for fat people.﻿
This song has almost zero actual bass, the title is very misleading.﻿
What did I just watch.﻿
'I'm bringing booty back'.. Booty was never in you thick twat﻿
This is exactly like Ananconda.﻿
She is so perfect ;__;﻿
STUPIDIEST SONG EVER AND THIS SONG HAS NO BASS!!!﻿
EUH .... ﻿
I don't understand why people are getting so upset because she said "Skinny 
bitches." After that she said "Nah I'm just playin'. I know you think 
you're fat, but I'm here to tell you every inch of you is perfect from the 
bottom to the top." I swear people just want to have something to complain 
about. Dang, can bigger girls get some love for once without some skinny 
people getting butthurt?!﻿
dafuq im doing with my life?﻿
Fat people get hate - nothing happens about it
Skinny People get insulted - world goes wild


﻿

Do looks really matter?﻿
i love this song so much! cant get over it. replay over and over again﻿
What a catchy song! Love it :)
Maybe you guys could check out my music as well?
I am a young musician from Germany and I would highly appreciate any kind 
of support so much!! :))﻿
I think everyone is just perfect 
No metter what﻿
Oh yes of course because being skinny and everyone should be fat ﻿
*UIIII MUITO BOA*﻿
 #SongOfTheDay   *I'M ALL BOUT THAT BASS, BOUT THAT BASS, NO TREBLE*﻿
fat fuck﻿
when a guy says that he wants a curvy girl he means that he wants a girl 
with a nice big ass and big boobs not a fat girl.﻿
What is the name of the guy in yellow shirt?﻿
I'm re-posting this comment I made because I think it's important:
"1. If you say "fat shaming" is wrong on the grounds that people should be 
treated with respect regardless of their body type, then you would have to 
agree that "skinny shaming" is also wrong. 
2. Just because "fat shaming" is more widespread, it doesn't give people an 
excuse to shame on other body types (see #1)
3. "Skinny bitches" is derogatory, aggressive language. Whether or not she 
intended it to be that way doesn't matter. Covering it up with "I'm just 
playing" doesn't make it any less insulting or more okay. [It just makes it 
"passive aggressive"]
4. Yes, skinny people have privileges because their body type is preferred. 
However, institutionalized privilege is not a choice: we are born into it. 
All we can do is recognize this privilege and try to solve the problem. 
Beating each other up (even passive-aggressively like in this song) won't 
solve anything, and is counter-productive: Skinny people are NOT the 
problem, our culture is the problem.
5. Body positivity is something I think we can ALL agree we want, and we 
will never get there with covered-up insults and little jabs. Fat shouldn't 
be an insult, just as calling someone a "twig" shouldn't be an insult. All 
of it needs to stop if we ever want to actually solve this disparity. To me 
it seems like people are perfectly content complaining and placing their 
anger on others rather than actually solving the issue head-on.

Furthermore, my main issue with this song was the lyrics that explicitly 
imply that a woman who is fat is still worthy and acceptable, because our 
worth is determined by whether or not a boy thinks we are physically 
attractive. That's fucked up. Our self worth should be determined by no one 
but ourselves."

This song is not body positive at all. It's a good attempt and I think it 
has good intentions, however it really fails on a number of important 
issues.﻿
Um dia vai chegar em 1 mi de curtidas =v ﻿
N﻿
If every inch of us is perfect then WHY are you hatin hatin hatin on skinny 
girls maybe they have anorexia and they are recovering and you are calling 
them SKINNY B****es there's a lot more that I can say but my arms are 
hurting from writing this as im 11 but THATS A TUUNNNEEEEE﻿
I am a new youtuber who lacks subs and views. Please stop by my channel and 
help me as I approach my goal of 25 subscribers. Thank you and god bless!﻿
I like this song ﻿
What annoys me is that she probably has a bmi over 24 (which is overweight) 
so she should be trying to lose some weight for her health. The same can be 
said about gaining weight with people with a less than 18 bmi. I think that 
people should love themselves but also strive to be fitter, and gain muscle 
(which would actually make them gain weight) instead of saying that they 
are beautiful while eating unhealthily (the standard american diet) and 
having little to no exercise.﻿
Omg i love this song expessaly on the zipper u go megan﻿
"I won't be no stick figure silicone Barbie doll" here she is talking about 
how she isn't an skinny person that hates their body to a point when 
they're all silicone and look like a Barbie doll with all of the makeup. 
She doesn't say that every skinny person is like that. Also, "I'm bringing 
booty back
Go ahead and tell them skinny bitches that
No I'm just playing. I know you think you're fat
But I'm here to tell ya
Every inch of you is perfect from the bottom to the top" read these verses 
over carefully. She doesn't say how skinny girls don't have a butt, but 
then she says she's kidding and says how skinny people are also perfect and 
shouldn't be ashamed. So stop will all the fucking arguing if you can't 
understand the backdrop of a song. Also, to hell with it, she's trying to 
support *fat* girls because, well, she is one. That's why she's more 
focused on them, and then she's trying to keep *skinny* girls in the 
equation too, to give them some significance too. ﻿
This is like Anaconda and Jlo's Booty handled more tastefully but yet STILL 
victimises slim girls. 
"Skinny bitches"?! If it were "fat bitches" you guys would be kicking shit 
up not praising her. I'm understanding of the fact that fat shaming is a 
widespread issue and in a sense I'm glad that despite being slim myself 
curvier women are being appreciated more. In this sense I believe the world 
is gradually improving. But then some dumb white girl comes along taking 
aim at 'stick figure barbie dolls' and (again) 'skinny bitches'. 
BODY SHAMING IS NOT SOMETHING TO BE TAKEN LIGHTLY. It's hard enough already 
to meet society's idea of 'perfection' regardless of what dress size you 
are. So don't buy or praise this shit. You think you're making things 
better but in actual fact you're creating another separate issue 
altogether.﻿
Dear HATERS!!! Get a life she's trying to tell u that u don't have to be 
skinny to be pretty! Every person is pretty! If u were singing a song that 
u wrote and u had haters you would probably flip! God and Jesus r not happy 
with u! And u haters might go to hell and burn for hecks sake and I don't 
care if I spell any thing wrong! If u don't like it leave it alone! If u 
don't have any thing nice to say don't say it at all!!! And u haters 
probably are over weight so shut the freak up!!! P.S- don't even try to 
comment some thing nasty because my dad's a cop!!!!! And I can sue your ass 
of!!﻿
She's not even fat...﻿
I have more booty then all y'all﻿
I think u should shut ur big mouth! It's disgusting that you have the nerve 
to sit behind a computer screen and say such ignorant and rude comments
1) Nobody's Perfect 🙈
2) Some people are born like it and can't help it... It is just there 
build! 😔
3) Some people do 7 days a week eating barley anything and still don't 
loose weight because they have that build!
4) Some people have puppy fat and are curvy
5) some skinny people gloat about it and freakishly skinny and look like 
aliens 

Get lost﻿
it is actually physically healthier to be a little underweight than a 
little overweight. just going purely on medical studies on the CHD, 
diabetes, circulation, arthritis and many more﻿
I agree it doesn't matter about wat size u r but then why did u say "skinny 
bitch" isn't being skinny a size disliked the vid coz that's just mean you 
don't deserve the hit if your calling half the population bitch anyway I 
would be surprised if we hear you again your just a one hit wonder﻿
What the .. hell !!!

Terrible song and video !!﻿
a bass for what i have no idea just u wanna song u have to tell us what is 
it about :3 .-.﻿
Y'all arguing about this song when she clearly didn't mean to attack people 
who are skinny lol tbh Anaconda did the same with this and y'all are fine 
with it .﻿
Guys try to get this vid to. 1m likes ﻿
Like Sir-Mix-A-Lot 20-some years ago, she will probably end up a 
one-hit-wonder, and yet, her song sounds older than his!﻿
Aight that's fcking it..ima start going around and telling people "you need 
slim fast or herbalife" because i'm so dam,n tired of people coming up to 
me saying i need to eat more,that's fcking rude too,idiots. Then how would 
some of yall feel? Like some of you are being huge hypocrites..i'm sorry 
but you are being one. If you don't think calling someone skinny is just as 
hurtful as fat then you're a hypocrite. I don't care what anyone says 
you're a hypocrite. I'm naturally skinny. And please don't get me wrong,i 
have nothing against bigger people. I'm js that i'm so tired of people 
treating bigger people like gold and skinny people like shid. I treat 
everybody equal..bigger people won't get special treatment from me just 
because everybody thinks they feel worse..because there's some people out 
there who would do anything to gain some weight and who want to just as 
badly as someone else who'd love to loose some weight. And yes,i have ears 
i heard the part where she said "nah i'm just playing" i don't care..that 
was still rude.﻿
Finally A Singer Who Teaches People To Love Themselves For Who They Are ﻿
https://soundcloud.com/soso_love/soso-instrumental-2-kompa-love#t=0:00﻿
I like it﻿
I'm reading the comments and I don't know if people even understand the 
message of the song or even what the song promotes. 
if you haven't notice, it goes deeper than just 'she doesn't care about her 
size'. It's about loving yourself, being who you are, promoting self love 
not self hate, and accepting the people arounf you.
but all i see is hate hate  hate everywhere and it's sickening how people 
just don't understand how hate can actually cause someone their own life. 
I'm sorry if getting too deep but it's true. 
 Please, just please, think of what will happen if you say a word. Think 
about how that person would feel, not how you would feel if another person 
said that to you (becasue that is bullshit). I know that this is the 
internet, that this is youtube, but seriously, at least someone needs to 
make an effort to make this hate stop. It's just plain stupid. I'm sorry if 
you think you wasted this time on reading this comment, but I just had to 
say all of that shit. Sorry and thank you for understanding (or not, just 
reading) all of that rant.

bye﻿
skinny shaming...skinny shaming everywhere!﻿
Guys stop it! Listen to the lyrics! "GO TELL THOSE SKINNY BITCHES THAT, NAh 
IM JUST PLAYING" -.- Dude she ever said your beautiful from the bottom to 
top﻿
On the other hand, you can get slim-bodied women with really nice 
arses....winnerrrrrrrrrrrrrrr﻿
shes not fat but shes my type. she is actually pretty. the song is about 
confidence guys. especially confidence about you and ur body.﻿
I don't see why this has to be so controversial. More people need this, 
than people who assume others will get offended and feel they have to stick 
up for them. Anorexic people, do see themselves as fat. Not a "skinny 
bitch". If there's something that a cute loveable not twig thin perfect 
model can enforce that involves more self-acceptance that they're perfect 
the way they are, I say that's wonderful. And people who do have weight 
issues. They can hate themselves too! There's so many better ways to 
motivate people to healthily lose or gain the proper weight that should be 
enforced to change the world rather than self-loathing. And this is it.﻿
It got 100Mand still dont know this song sorry VEVO you cant fool people 
now with your tricks to promote a song﻿
A decent song with pretty catchy beat, except that the hypocrisy is 
palpable. Saying that fat girls are beautiful is ok, but the insecurity 
shows when you try to praise yourself while putting down others who are not 
like you. Some might argue 'skinny bitches' was a joke but what about 
 'stick figure silicone Barbie doll'; it is quite obvious the song is about 
boosting self-esteem through the expense of skinny people, and people are 
pretending that handing out participation points to skinny people in the 
end somehow make it right. Not to mention the double standard, the man the 
song portray as ideal is a skinny, but the fat guy seemed to be included 
solely for comedic purpose.  ﻿
None
I cannot get this aong out of my head !!!!! Meghan Trainor - All About That 
Bass: http://youtu.be/7PCkvCPvDXk﻿
None
What does this b*tch have against barbie﻿
I was literally having a breakdown because im not comfortable with my arms 
and everything you know, then i saw this video and thought,Why would i 
wanna be a stick anyway?! im perfect! some girls dont have anything and i 
have everything!!! lol thank you SO much for this!!!﻿
Enough about the fat chicks, can we just take a moment to applaud that 
sassy fat black guy? You go dude, major props.  ﻿
I was listening to Fall out boy, why was this on the side bar? :/﻿
What a fatass bitch I dissed her fat ass so hard in my newest song. Fuck 
her and all her fans.﻿
Nice song﻿
I love the pastel colors ﻿
Miley already brought booty back.
Too late bitch.﻿
Guys....this song is supporting the people who think they are fat/chubby. 
Please don't say mean,rude,nasty,ect. to her!!! Please just have a good 
time and don't worry about your size! Just be happy for who you guys are! 
Don't listen to the people who say: "God your fat!" Or: You have a fat 
body,no one likes a fat girl!" ﻿
Its okay to be a little big, I am a little on the chubby side myself. But 
its not okay to pretend to be big! Why is this skinny ass bitch singing 
about how she has "bass". I don't think girls love them selves as much as 
they should, but they shouldn't be proud of being fat. I do NOT hate fat 
people because i am thicker, but there is a BIG difference between someone 
who is thicker and someone who is overweight or obeese. Just because you 
are bigger does not mean you are unhealthy, just like being skinny doesn't 
make you healthy.﻿
She almost look like sprinkle of glitter ﻿
I love you! I'm not exactly the smallest person and sometimes I get made 
fun of but I just brush it off and say "you know what they're probably 
doing this to make THEM feel better so don't give them what they want act 
like you don't care and all will be right in the world!" You're not saying 
skinny people a ugly you're just saying that society needs to stop thinking 
only skinny girls r pretty! I doesn't matter what you look like if you're 
pretty on the inside you're a pretty person through and through, but when 
comment nasty things you're not being a pretty person! Yore just proving 
the mean nasty skinny girl stereotype! STOP TROLLING!!!!!!!!!!﻿
love it!!﻿
Why are people saying yelling that she says skinny bitches? She does not 
say being fat is okay but that you should be okay with what you have.. And 
there is a huge difference between photoshopped barby dolls and skinny 
people.. Just look into the text some more.﻿
Fatties gonna fat﻿
some people feel fabulous about this but im not﻿
Fuck you.. Nah just playin'﻿
There is no pleasing ppl. They complain when ppl say you should be skinny, 
they complain when ppl say you should be over weight. God! They even 
f***ing complain when they say you should be average. Jeez, ppl, be your 
own weight and dont give a sh*t bout what over ppl think because there's 
always gonna be haters.﻿
This should be called 'all about that diabetes'﻿
ight i can't say that i love this song ﻿
I love this song. I mean if your skinny its not for you, so back of Meghan, 
she's just trying to help.﻿
That fat dude dances so much better than me and anybody I know... ﻿
poop﻿
Fat dude﻿
I like bug chicks so fuck you skinny bitches﻿
None
she is just trying to boost peoples confidence 
she isnt trying to offend people ﻿
Oh look, another meaningless bullshit pop song﻿
I wuv this song﻿
Perfect ﻿
*This song has a great message in it. Meghan Trainor talks about everyone 
being beautiful just the way you are, and not having to change because 
people don't like how you look. If someone thinks you need improving, or 
just don't like the acne on your face, or the glasses you have, or even the 
clothes you wear, don't try to impress them by changing you clothes, or 
wiping off the acne, or getting new glasses. God knows who will accept you 
as you are, so don't worry. The right people won't care what you look like, 
or what kind of clothes you wear if they are really your friends!*
*"Every inch of you is perfect from the bottom to the top!"*﻿
Why so many dissing this..?.. It's not all about looks...person inside is 
more important for me﻿
it seems to me like they have nothing to sing about these days but the size 
of their booty! I don't know, but is this what music should be about? so 
when i'm bored and i wanna listen to something good, i should play this 
song? a song that is basically about a plus sized girl who's trying to 
convince herself and the world that " every inch of you is perfect from the 
bottom to the top!! or I should listen to Nicki's Anaconda who's also 
talking about her fat ass! so if this is the popular music these days 
then...SHIT!!!!﻿
this song is bossss
omg this song is so true﻿
I'm not thin so I'm going to insult thin girls.﻿
I'm All About that bass that bass!!! *stuck in my head*﻿
before I seen d the video. I think'd coz a black girl sing this :D﻿
 Love this song ﻿
Meghan with your music my life is getting better!!! Megahan bring the back 
funny music back!!! ;)﻿
This song is so lucky to my sis every time I play it she finds diamond on 
minecraft﻿
this is my song im all about the bass lol ;)﻿
ME ENCANTA ESTE VÍDEO NO PUEDO DEJAR D VERLO!!!!!!!!!﻿
I like this song because it tells you that your perfect the way you are xx﻿
True dat...
No one is such a skinny bitch or a barbie, all women in the world have 
something fat .﻿
This song sounds like a Janelle monae song﻿
When she said I'm bringing booty back I said no you're bringing obesity 
back﻿
I am all about using some chicken skin from Popeyes to grease up my stick 
and let this fatty drain it of baby batter.﻿
I really like your voice :) love the song and video too﻿
None
Good song﻿
i have that bike﻿
thats good
you know why? the world and the female population can survive without 
assholes like you
'Sorry I just had to put it out there'
and possibly put a few hundred girls depression while I'm at it,should be 
the next line.

this song is effectively stopping girls from starving or killing themselves 
and you are here trolling how YOU don't wanna bang 'fat girls'
yeah and I could say 'I don't wanna bang guys who think with their dicks' 
or 'have egos so large that they suffocate me by being in the same room as 
me'
I don't say that shit
Fuck off 
'We're told to be proud of our bodies, but not if you're a fat phuck'
yeah and we're told to be nice t everyone and not judge people,but not if 
they are jerks who think its ok to say shit like this and somehow think his 
point is still valid
Im fuming now and guess what? I haven't been through expression or anorexia 
or anything. i hate to think what its like to go through shit like 
that,your life dipping so low that you wanna kill yourself?
I don't normally say this,but you know what?
you are a fucklet who deserves to have that done to him,to know who it 
feels.
opinions are opinions,people are allowed to state them.
But you,are an exception,and that's not a good thing.
like I said,the world can survive without it having to spin around you and 
boys like you﻿
haters are just fans who are scared to admit it﻿
At first I really liked the song... it's really catchy and the lyrics are 
great.
but as I started looping it over and over again, I realized one problem:
Why are we still focusing on pleasing the boys?
"'Cause I got that boom boom that all the boys chase"
"Boys like a little more booty to hold at night"
etc...

It seems that the song wants to say, "I am beautiful despite my larger size 
because a larger size actually makes me even more attractive to boys."
It worries me that the song assumes women's confidence depend completely on 
responses from men. Are we still in an era where the women's only meaning 
of existence is to please their boyfriends or their husbands?﻿
Oh that fabulous man!😊﻿
I'm so in love with the guy dancing on this video, does anyone knows his 
name?? :)﻿
I am just going to start calling this the teletubby song. Because the first 
time I heard it I thought she was saying " you know I'm all about tubbies, 
bout tubbies. ﻿
She is not even fat, she is just big and curvy and you know what a skinny 
b*tch is? A BULLY. A SKINNY BULLY. THIS IS NOT SKINNY SHAMING. If you 
really want to know what is skinny shaming go watch Anaconda.
+ This song is number 1 on Billboard! you go girl!﻿
2:06 hit the nae nae  .... i am guilty #IAM   #BOUTTHATBASS  ﻿
bad video﻿
You never hear singers saying how it's great to be skinny do you? Double 
standards IMO. Love the tune though but playing devils advocate ﻿
Smite bring me here LOL﻿
wow﻿
I like this song﻿
The only thing i thought was off on the vid was the lipsinking was a little 
late...﻿
its so true lovit girls pawer﻿
Also she says skinny bit chest am just playing every inch of you Is perfect 
from the bottom to the top
﻿
I'm a skinny bitch, thanks.
So it's okay to call skinny people "skinny bitch" but not to call someone a 
"fat bitch" ? I don't get it﻿
bitch also means girl dog﻿
Honestly I find it ridiculous that there are so many songs talking about 
skinny girls and how great they are and they get next to no attacks but one 
song that focuses on bigger girls (yet it still mentions skinny girls and 
how they're still perfect) gets attacked left, right and centre, everyone 
complaining about the fact that this is focused on bigger girls, go and 
listen to every other mainstream songs brought out in the last few years 
where all the women haven't got an inch of fat on them, or even better 
Google pictures of so called models who have to starve themselves to keep 
their job!﻿
Haters gonna Hate hate hate....﻿
Whos the guy on 1:51﻿
haha ur jus jelus cuz ur a fat bitch you cant get a date cuz shes so fat

Go cri and eat a brgur mehgan mcfattyfat trainer
i hope she sits on a spiked char.
i no a bunch of retarts aregonna commnt
well ur fat to!﻿
THIS SONG IS TERRIBLE﻿
Love this song so much, the first time I heard it, I knew it off by heart﻿
"skinny bitches" - did you ever think of girls who are naturally skinny and 
can't seem to gain weight no matter how much they try? jeez when did 
shaming anyone's body type become okay??﻿
I love this girls song my opinion is they just should rewrite some words 
and her clothing phew total fashion wreck﻿
Is it just me or does everyone think only chubby girls have some ass cause 
these some girls with some at my school and they aren't fat﻿
why is their haters down in this place go away if you don't like dis song 
geez﻿
It seems like the entire pop music industry is churning out music 
glorifying morbid obesity. Beauty IS in the eye of the beholder. Obesity 
though is a reflection of a lazy selfish gluttonous frame of mind. What you 
look like on the outside is usually a reflection of who you are on the 
inside.﻿
like this song  love this song all about bass that bass yall is mad she 
song way better then yall bitching ass ;)﻿
Wtf am i watching here??﻿
Why is there a guy who is 1.fat and 2.dancing like a girl?
SOMBODY PLZ ANSER THIS﻿
Its nothing to do with her appearance, it's the message she is delivering 
to people. People are so caught up trying to criticize other people that 
they don't pay attention to the overall picture.

Love the skin your in no matter what size. Plain and simple.﻿
Come on, you guys shouldn't call her unattractive because she is a LITTLE 
chubby. It's not like she's a landwhale or anything. We are bound to gain 
10-20 lbs some point in our lives. ﻿
Not to be mean she judjeing peplle and they zize I hate her skiney girls ae 
juat skiney we dont have space in our stomach fat people ate fat they just 
love food big botty is just you just have it if your listening to this 
megen just leave pepole alone 

Your just being mean judeing peole I hate you 123 if you agree 

Rember just my opion but I just I hate her thoghts her bofe her hair her 
feelings just opion plsplslls dont juge meeee plsplspls﻿
The song is perpetuating the idea that female bodies should be pitted 
against each other and that the real prize is winning male attention, 
things that are as problematic as fat shaming. It's a catchy song but it 
could do without the underlying shaming of naturally skinny girls who are 
receiving the same treatment as skinny girls who are doing it on purpose 
for the factor of "looking good". It's wrong. ﻿
*treble*﻿
Hmm... I don't think this song is about discriminating against skinny 
girls. I think the main message is to love yourself, and that you are 
perfect and beautiful no matter what size you are. That, in my opinion, is 
a great message. :)﻿
Meghan Trainor - All About That Bass: http://youtu.be/7PCkvCPvDXk﻿
All y'all haters out there leave the girl alone dang it is just a song at 
least she trying so y'all go try to put her down all she doing is making a 
point all this negative feedback she don't need it I'm 11 years old I ain't 
that skinny these people think they better than other people man quit doing 
to much and get a dam life HATERS﻿
is mi alone see this is all lip sinking﻿
La caña... Temazo!!! #meghantrainor  ﻿
59,000 dislike this? ﻿
I don't really like the message but the melody is catchy XD﻿
IS ME AGAIN TAMYA NAME I'M ALL ABOUT THAT BASS NO TROUBL﻿
This song gets so much more hate then it deserves. ﻿
Don't listen to her! Being fat is not good at all... People make fun of 
you, not healthy, not good for you!﻿
I loved your song don't mind other nasty  comments cos they were wrote by 
bitches﻿
I'm all about that cake, bout that cake. No salads.﻿
This song is perfect for those girls that are not confident in themselves 
like me and yes I am a girl I live it ily meghan ﻿
She thick as hell though. ﻿
This song makes me feel more happier about my sen tbh! ﻿
She sounds black﻿
I Like the words and meaning to this song nothing else. Sorry.﻿
wow this song now is number 1 ﻿
she looks like the girl from awkward.﻿
this bitch is a motherfucking opportunist   she trying to grab a piece of 
mary lambert fat ass fan bass... im a ffemale and i know exactly what 
message this fat ass bitch is trying to send and its fucked  up  but of 
course hungry ass ceo's let the dumb bitch make the damn song for a couple 
dollars sell outs!  she know she hate being fat and why  bitch got skinny 
nothing  but skinnier bitches in the video if the SO CALLED CLAIM IS TO 
GIVE WOMEN CONFIDENCE NO MATTER THE SIZE ... if it were true we would see 
fat bitches in the video short/tall all sizes... she is a  motherfucking 
opportunist and its pathetic how people are really trying to pretend she 
meant no harm ... seems to me every male hates the video and all the hoe 
ass bitches is trying to say its good TYPICAL... lemme talk to the asses 
believeing it cause they need help...or the men laughing cause niggas dont 
even know what the fuck they laughing at only one thing to laugh at YA DIG﻿
What a shit disastrous song 😂﻿
Dammiiit! They look like they're having so much fun! I want to be a part of 
it too!!!!﻿
What is this shit? This ain't real music. ﻿
I hate her omg shes so annoying me with her voice! she has the worst voice 
in here and this song is about nothing. even a girl is 14 is better then 
her alot! write Bea Miller Fire n Gold It's the best!﻿
This is it. We are about to turn into the people on Wall E.﻿
why is she saying I'm bringing booty back booty never left﻿
All about da bass bout da bass bout da bass no touble💋﻿
I get that she's trying to be positive, but honestly, it's not good to be 
overweight. It's unhealthy and sets you up for sooo many health issues. 
Some people are naturally skinny and some people are naturally heavier but 
most people are not naturally overweight! It's a nice idea, the message 
she's trying to send, but Meghan really should try to lose some weight in 
the interest of her HEALTH, not what society thinks.﻿
People are taking this way too far she is not saying that its ok to be 500 
pounds she is just saying that you don't have to be stick thin to be pretty 
or you don't have to have a thigh gap the girls in this video aren't even 
fat they just have curves I don't know why people are complaining about the 
song﻿
U perf girl!!﻿
♥ am all about that bass﻿
people are trying to make fat girls good about themselves by bringing the 
skinny ones down 👌👍﻿
I think they should put fat women and fat men own there own island far 
away..﻿
This is teaching you that no matter how much you weigh. Your very pretty
❤﻿
Man some of u guys are me about this song. She is saying don't worry about 
how u look. Man don't be so rude. U people who are saying that this song 
sucks then GO TO HELL﻿
people should not be proud of being fat. if you are "pretty' as this song 
states, stop saying "my body is fine" and EXCERSIZE.﻿
luv this  song has a great meaning except for a few things people might 
misunderstand﻿
Darude-Sandstorm﻿
Everyone who dislikes this, remember that she said "Go ahead and (i forgot 
this part) skinny B****es off. Nah i'm just playin i know you think your 
fat! But i'm here to tell ya, every inch of you is perfect from the bottom 
to the top!". ﻿
You know what? Shes right!....﻿
Her makeup is so ugly! :X She doesn't have makeup, she h